This episode is about a very interesting case in which a complainant wants to have 1.2 million dollars as a Compensatory damage as she fell down because of defective eruv wire. Will Gardner, a founder of a law firm, informed his employee Alicia about this case and demanded to   deal with it. He noticed that it is a very sensitive issue for the company as a defendant is a daughter of another founder. Alicia and her colleague Kalinda imagined that they would see a sophisticated and spoiled woman named Anna so they were very surprised to see a modest woman who lived in a rather usual house with her Jewish husband. She explained that she had a Shabbat the day when the incident had happened so she couldn't use any electrical devices in order to tell someone about a defective eruv wire. She also presented her husband to them and he once more accentuated that it wasn't their fault. Then there were an acquaintance with another lawyer Alprin, who investigated this case. He expected Alicia to go away and not to interfere in this case. Alicia didn't agree to him and she tried to do everything in order to make the judge acquit the couple. But Alprin didn't give up and told her that it was not her case and her business. But later they founded a way to work together. Alprin offered to use the First Amendment in this case, which surprised Alicia a lot and she protested that it was stupid and unusual  to apply to the First Amendment in a slip-and-fall case and she refused to work that way. But he insisted on it and they decided to try. In acourt Alprin persuaded a judge to use a help of  jury . At the beginning, everything was fine and Alicia admitted that their strategy was right and thanked Alprin for doing a great job. But after a break in a trial a prosecutor revealed a document in which were said that Anna had made a phone calls to her father during the Shabbat so that he accused her of being indifferent about a defective eruv wire. So that when everybody acknowledged the truth the trial  was adjourned for a day.
